_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

<div align="justify">I am a researcher and a PhD candidate working in the area of Reinforcement Learning. I am a member of the  <a href="https://machineteaching.mpi-sws.org/index.html">Machine Teaching Group</a> at the <a href="https://www.mpi-sws.org/">Max Planck Institute of Software Systems </a>, working under the supervision of Dr. <a href="https://www.mpi-sws.org/people/adishs/">Adish Singla</a>. I am interested in making Reinforcement Learning (RL) agents train more efficiently with fewer interactions with their environment. We get inspired by human learning and design curriculum strategies that help agents learn faster. Currently, we are investigating how curriculum and reinforcement learning (RL) can assist in designing cost-efficient Large Language Models (LLMs). </div>

In the past, I have worked as a Data Scientist and Computer Vision Engineer in the industry.

News
======
- 02.05.2024: One paper accepted at ICML 2024!
- 16.04.2024: Two papers accepted at IJCAI 2024! 
- 16.01.2024: Our paper [Neural Task Synthesis for Visual Programming](https://twitter.com/TmlrPub/status/1750760534104850682) got published in Transactions on Machine Learning Research.
- 21.04.2023: Our paper [Proximal Curriculum for Reinforcement Learning Agents](https://twitter.com/TmlrPub/status/1649518923367194625?cxt=HHwWgoCx2ZSuouQtAAAA) got published in Transactions on Machine Learning Research. 
- 31.08.2022: We are teaching an advanced course on [Reinforcement Learning](https://machineteaching.mpi-sws.org/course-advanced-rl-w22.html).
- 25.02.2022: We are teaching a seminar course on [Neuro-Symbolic Reinforcement Learning](https://machineteaching.mpi-sws.org/course-neurosymbolicrl-s22.html)

Commit message:

Update news and teaching part

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

<div align="justify">I am a researcher and a PhD candidate working in the area of Reinforcement Learning. I am a member of the  <a href="https://machineteaching.mpi-sws.org/index.html">Machine Teaching Group</a> at the <a href="https://www.mpi-sws.org/">Max Planck Institute of Software Systems </a>, working under the supervision of Dr. <a href="https://www.mpi-sws.org/people/adishs/">Adish Singla</a>. I am interested in making Reinforcement Learning (RL) agents train more efficiently with fewer interactions with their environment. We get inspired by human learning and design curriculum strategies that help agents learn faster. Currently, we are investigating how curriculum and reinforcement learning (RL) can assist in designing cost-efficient Large Language Models (LLMs). </div>

In the past, I have worked as a Data Scientist and Computer Vision Engineer in the industry.

News
======
- 01.09.2024: We are teaching a lecture course on [Generative AI](https://generative-ai.mpi-sws.org/course-genai-w24/index.html) at Saarland University.
- 02.05.2024: One paper accepted at ICML 2024!
- 16.04.2024: Two papers accepted at IJCAI 2024! 
- 16.01.2024: Our paper [Neural Task Synthesis for Visual Programming](https://twitter.com/TmlrPub/status/1750760534104850682) got published in Transactions on Machine Learning Research.
- 21.04.2023: Our paper [Proximal Curriculum for Reinforcement Learning Agents](https://twitter.com/TmlrPub/status/1649518923367194625?cxt=HHwWgoCx2ZSuouQtAAAA) got published in Transactions on Machine Learning Research. 
- 31.08.2022: We are teaching an advanced course on [Reinforcement Learning](https://machineteaching.mpi-sws.org/course-advanced-rl-w22.html).
- 25.02.2022: We are teaching a seminar course on [Neuro-Symbolic Reinforcement Learning](https://machineteaching.mpi-sws.org/course-neurosymbolicrl-s22.html)
